Today we will talk about TPA portal.
Our first TPA is
ICICI Dubbed Health Insurance, we will
talk about how to use it
and how to initialize it in our portal
and how to make OPD claim.
Let's
start the video.  Don't forget to like, share the video and
subscribe to the channel.  First of all you have to
login to your website here.  Otherwise
I will provide the link in my disc description box.
You can go from there and
come directly to the portal here.
Ok?  Or I have also put those groups of mine below.  The
group link must be there right now.  You
can also come from there and join my group.  So you have to come to this portal.
After coming to this portal, you have to
login by entering your user ID and password and submit.
Ok?  So as
you enter the user ID and password, after entering it you will click on login,
then an OTP will be sent to your registered email ID
or mobile.  That OTP has to be
filled up here.  After filling up,
you have to login here.
After login your dashboard will open.
Ok?  So now let me tell you some things here
that the first thing you have to do is
how to clear the documentation.
How do you prepare all the documents properly?
So
watch the video carefully.  Don't forget to like, share the video and subscribe to the channel.
Ok?  As soon as
you have all your documents, the
first thing you need to do is
how to fill up the form.  If the off form is deleted
or is wrong, your entire claim gets
rejected or queries start coming.  This
thing has to be understood very well.  Correct?  As soon as
I logged in, my portal opened here.
You will be able to see everything on the portal.
You can also see the service.
Service me add a view IPD Prayotha.  You have to
apply Priyoth from here.  Then will you get
just below it?  If the query is ok then
I will download the form from here and show you.
As I clicked.
After clicking you have to come here.  Click on Go.
After clicking, see this
our ICICI LBD motor insurance claim
form has opened.  You have to fill the policy number
properly.  Claim number also has to be filled.
Name has to be filled.  Correspondent address has to be entered.
You have to fill up all the things properly.
After that you have to
apply preorth.  Ok?  Now let's talk about
how to fill it?  So to fill this,
I will give you the link to your video
in the description.  I will
upload the video there on how to fill up the form after going there.  So please
watch this video.  Like here I get the
download option.  Download pe
aata hai AL form aa gaya.  Pre Auth Pre
Authorization form is out, Claim form is
out, OPD form is out, Net form is
out.  All these forms will come to you here.
Then you got support in the customer.  Let's
talk about servicing.  AL
Service is service.  You
can take out MIS of IPD.  View all hospital details on your profile here,
which is your ICIC LBD
user ID and password.  This
is your active.  So that's why it is showing active here.
Like that's where I clicked.
After clicking, whatever form you want to
download, come here and
see all the insurances given there.
What do you want here after putting all that stuff here
?  Whether you want a rate list or a procedure,
you will select all those things from here and
click on Go.  You got all those things.
Look at all these, you
can download them from here and keep them with you.  You have to
practice on that thing and use it
only after preparing proper documentation.
Look,
I am showing you all the documents so that
you should know each and every thing.
My friends, if you search this portal
on the entire YouTube, no one will
tell you about it like this.  Let me tell you each and every thing.
How to login to the portal?
How does one enter Preet after logging in to the portal
?  How to check the card?
I am telling you all these things
because there are
many people who keep searching on YouTube
but are unable to find proper videos.
I have brought this video.  In this
video I will put ICICI LBD at least 10
videos in your playlist
which will make everything clear to you.
How you have to do all the things.  Like here
I clicked.  After clicking, let's
cut it here.  Correct?
My finances are showing everything here.
Look,
here I have come home.  After coming to home,
see, I am back on my portal.
What is he saying after coming to the portal
?  Click on view.  Look, I will
come to the home page.  MIS I'll show you.
IPD not click here to
talk about the first experiment.  So here
you have to enter the health card number or
enter your UA ID number.  Ok?
As soon as you search by entering it, you will get the
complete details of that patient.  Whether his
card is active or not, everything will be
visible here.  The most important thing is
that first of all you have to check whether
your policy has
expired or not, are you eligible for it
or not, then you have to check all those things.
See why I am showing you all these things here.  I am
telling you each step one by one because
you will get all the information only on this video.
So look, I am
showing you everything by clicking here.  How many
claims did I make, what happened,
see everything, it is shown here.  Ok?
Similarly, if you click on any patient, it will
show that my claim has been rejected.  The claim is rejected.  If it is
approved by me then it is approved.  Here
is the initial.  Whatever things are there, all the proper things are
visible here.  So this is how you have to
find out where your query came from?
On whom did it come?  Which of your cases was rejected?
Like one of my cases was rejected.  What is it
saying on that, the payment is showing zero.
Why does the query come?  So
you have to do all this documentation properly
and only after this the experiment can be started.
Why am I telling you again and again?  It
is very easy to login to the portal.  But it is
very difficult to understand each and every thing.
And these are the mistakes that many insurance
TPA clerks make.  So that
those mistakes don't happen.
So here I will tell you each and every thing,
how to do it and how not to do it.
Ok?  After all these things come,
I close it here.  After closing,
I click on the rejected one and
show why this claim has been
rejected.  Click here.
After clicking, it is saying here that correction is
not covered under the policy.  Meaning our
policy has expired.  Or
else our policy is not eligible for it.   That is
why our claim has been rejected.  Ok
?  So how do all these reasons come about?  Why do you
come?  Why does this region query come?
Why are claims rejected?  That's why
I am telling you all these things.  See
MIS
you should know.  You should know the status
whether the claim I made was
approved or not.  Whether the claim I
submitted was submitted or not,
you should know all those things.  Only then will
you be able to proceed further.  Like
this was mine, I made it clear that my claim is
approved, so it is showing that it is approved.
Ok?  Similarly, if I
extract this history of any other patient and
click on Preet here.  After clicking,
it will be downloaded as soon as you click.
Ok?  So after downloading, I will
show it to you here.
All the things related to that patient are given in detail here.  What
is?  What is the patient's policy number?
What is the patient's member ID?
What is the patient's name?  What is the patient's address?
Is the patient eligible?  All the details are
visible here.  Ok?  So
you should know each and every particular thing about all these things.
Therefore, there are some
regulations and rules of YouTube
policy for videos.  That's why I have kept it hidden.
Ok?  So you have understood this thing.
After this, there are some more things
which are very important to tell you.  Like
I will click here and close it and
go to my dashboard.  Let me
go to the dashboard and show you something.  Ok?  So
you should know all these things.
You should know the basic things.  As soon as I
came, I came to my desktop.
After coming to the desktop, here I will click
on Views.  Here I have already told
you how to check the card.
Like I am telling you here by putting a simple one here.
But I don't have any policy number.
Now if I had the policy number, I would have
checked it here and told you the complete status of the card
along with how it looks to you and
how it is approved by us.  How does this thing
happen?  Ok?  So please like, share this video
and subscribe to the channel.